hello everyone this is the review of the
adidas predator fingersave ultimate I
brought these gloves from great save
calm for about 70 degree pounds which
I'm just guessing is around 180 sorry
hundred thirty dollars Canadian a highly
romantic recommend visiting that website
they sell or keep all gold sorry
goalkeeper apparel and accessories I
think this is a great website and i
highly recommend it so this is how it
comes I also already took it out there
comes with added estimated spines as
well as I'll talk about later this must
come with love wash however because I am
in canada they are not they are unable
to send of the sorry they are unable to
ship liquids overseas and so i did not
receive my glove wash just put the scrub
on i'll be doing more videos later on on
a play test of the glove and seeing how
the durability is after a few training
sessions and matches if the finger saves
in them and without to give you an idea
of how you know how it is with or
without whether you really do need it
these gloves also feature a stretch trap
it gives you a really snug fit so you
can have it as tight as you want or if
you're person who likes it loose you can
also have it loose it just really gives
you that perfect fitting how you like it
they've had this since the 2002 to sorry
2010 2011-12 season however they've
designed this dress trap differently
last year's model contained one big
velcro patch however they've designed
this into three little patches this
helps it
sort of lessons the bulk of the gov
while the stretch wrap I think this is a
really good feature also they've had
this since last year's model however it
has the velcro to it is very thin if you
can see the bristles is very thin so
when you are removing your gloves off
with say the thumb of your finger sorry
the thumb you will not scratch the latex
of the globe just an example I'll show
you now say for example sorry this way i
do that it doesn't affect it at all
because of the small velcro whistles now
going on to the glove bag this is the
glove bagger comes in me personally I
don't like the glove bag because I feels
too tight one is quite hard to get the
gloves into the bag and I feel that it
doesn't give it much space to breathe
yes they do have a ventilation system
however it's not as good as nice
ventilation bags they are the night what
they actually have is that they have one
actual soft bag for each glove so one
glove will have it like that and the
other will have its own glove bag and
then fold it so it gives it more air to
breathe and it just helps it air out
more also these finger saves they do not
contain I'll say that again they do not
contain a thumb protection however I
searched a video I cannot remember his
name of head but I will write i will
write his link in the description where
this guy told that what his view is that
if you put a finger say spiny in the
thumb it should give you that protection
even though it doesn't have it
and I tried it earlier on just get it in
there and it seemed to work so I just
put the glove on now
so it does feel like it does work might
be a little bit uncomfortable it depends
how thick your thumb is because of
obviously it's not designed for the
thumb so spines are skinny but for me
it's not bad at all because my thumb's
are quite skinny so it works perfectly
for me you know I like what he said you
could if you do like fun protection and
you're going for these gloves you could
do that you just need to be careful not
to break the spines but with the spines
you do get extra you get an extra set of
spines for each hand they are numbered
to make it easier drop that there are
number to make it easier not sure if you
can see but that's as a number two and
that basically just tells you that
number two is the middle finger it goes
on like that the numbering system isn't
the best however you'll get used to it
number two is the middle finger the
index fingers are number three and this
finger is also number three and the
pinkie is a number seven before I go I
just want to say if you like to me to do
another review a specific part of the
gov XA about going detail about their
new latex or about the finger safe
spines please leave a comment and I'll
do that soon as possible this has been
this is real football 99 please like
subscribe and comments thank you thank
you for watching